# React Chat App

Welcome to the React Chat App!

This project utilizes the Google Gemini Generative AI API to power the chat feature, providing an interactive and engaging chat experience. The front-end of the app is built using React to provide a seamless and user-friendly interface for interacting with the chatbot.

## Features

- **Google Gemini Generative AI API Integration**: Utilizes the power of Google Gemini Generative AI API to enable conversational interactions.
- **React Front-End**: Built with React to provide a modern and responsive user interface.
- **Interactive Chat Experience**: Engage with the chatbot in real-time, receiving responses generated by Google's advanced AI technology.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/anand-jaiswal-IN/react-chat-app
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   ```bash
   cd react-chat-app
   ```

## Usage

1. Navigate to the frontend part and run :

   ```bash
   cd ./frontend
   npm run dev
   ```
2. Navigate to backend part and run server : 
    ```bash
   cd ../backend
   npm run start
   ```
3. Create your own gemini ai generative api and create .env file and write :

    ```bash
    // go to link and generate api -> https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey

    GEMINI_API_KEY=(paste your api key)
    ```
4. Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173` to view the app.

5. Interact with the chatbot by typing messages and receiving responses generated by the Google Gemini Generative AI API.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/your-feature-name`).
6. Create a new Pull Request.

## Contact

For any inquiries or feedback, feel free to reach out to [your-email@example.com](mailto:anandjaiswal68339@gmail.com).

## Thanks

Thank you for watching my small project. Keep supporting me. As you support, i will be motived. ❤️